What do you mean, actor Sun?
What do I mean?
Welcome, didn't your brother make it clear to you?
I'm not getting married
Ok you man
What's your attitude?
For a few open-door red envelopes.
Do you still want to regret your marriage?
A few open-door red envelopes, you are talking about intimacy.
Come on, come on out folks
You let the villagers judge you
Who opens the door and the red envelope costs so much 8,8008,800?
You do a MAU only 1808,800
I have to save for four or five years to save enough.
The Wang family really dares to take this
What do you know?
The Wang boy who opened the shovel next door also opened the shovel.
Our cloud
If it weren't for this dead girl begging
How could I possibly agree?
Marry my daughter to that poor man
Kid surnamed Ye
I'll ask you again.
Can we get married or not?
Don't let your breath leak, it's a big life event
You mustn't be impulsive.
I'm not impulsive
I said it's okay
Very good, the surname Ye, remember it for me.
Don't regret it.
Okay, what a belief!
If you have the guts, then get out of here
I'm here to take a look.
How do you go back and explain to your father?
Then don't bother you, let's go